A-Team MySQL LDAP Authenticator
WWW: https://github.com/ateamsystems/ateam_mysql_ldap_auth
---------------------------------------------------------------------------- -

A-Team MySQL LDAP Authenticator (ateam_mysql_ldap_auth) is an authentication
plugin for MySQL 5.5.7 and up, and has been extensively tested with 5.6
under FreeBSD but should work fine under Linux as well with a few tweaks,
patches are welcome!

This module allows you to create MySQL users that are then authenticated
against an LDAP server. This reduces administrative overhead and eliminates
your users having to remember a seperate username and password for MySQL.
LDAP authenticated users behave no different permission wise than 'local'
users in terms of GRANT and DB permissions.

The configuration file is flexible enough to support almost any LDAP
directory including OpenLDAP or Active Directory.

The plugin requires MySQL 5.5.7 and up. It is compiled as an add on module
and does not require you to alter the MySQL source code or recompile the
entire server. The plugin uses the OpenLDAP library to interface with a
directory.

Just like MySQL Enterprise's PAM module, for client side authentication
this plugin uses the clear_text password module as the LDAP server must
perform the password hasing and comparison.  For command line clients this
is done by setting the following environment variable:

  export LIBMYSQL_ENABLE_CLEARTEXT_PLUGIN=1

In MySQL Workbench this is acheived by going to go to the "Advanced" tab and
checking "Enable Cleartext Authentication Plugin" when editing a connction.

!!! IMPORTANT:
!!! ------------------------------------------------------------------------
!!! ENSURE THE COMMUNICATIONS PATH BETWEEN THE CLIENT AND SERVER IS SECURE!
!!! ------------------------------------------------------------------------
!!! By default MySQL does not use SSL so additional steps and network design
!!! are needed to ensure you're not exposing your credetials.
